The most valuable part of a rocket launch is the booster, which can be reused for future relaunches. In current rocket landings, the boosters are ignited to slow and land the rocket, risking damage to the entire structure while using a decent amount of fuel. Although the percentage of total fuel used in landing is relatively low with respect to the total fuel load, when put into scale of the total fuel load, however, the amount of fuel is really not that small. As an alternative, this design takes advantage of the principle of autorotation found mostly in unpowered helicopter landings, using natural airflow around the craft and its potential energy to land. This reduces potential damage to the boosters and allows more rocket parts to be reused rapidly after landing and recovery, in turn reducing costs for space travel. 

In the future, we do believe this design can be implemented in a scale such that rockets will no longer have to be painstakingly built from the ground up. Rather, as both stages of the rocket would be recoverable and reusable, each stage will autonomously fly to a designated "magazine" of sorts for storage and inspection after recovery. Upon receiving news of another mission, a selected first-stage and second-stage rocket will autonomously assemble itself on the launch pad, prepared for fueling and consequently launch. Obviously, this is a rather far-fetched idea, but it could implicate massive time and financial savings by reusing the same set of rockets over and over and reducing the time between consecutive launches. 

Additionally, As shown in the outer README, the coaxial rotor design could be adapted for "stagelets" (I'll call it that for lack of a better term). Each "stage" of the rocket would consist of a fuel tank and a variable amount of "stagelets" in a set three- or six-stagelet arrangement for lighter or heavier payloads. Since the fuel tanks are effectively massive soda cans, they are easily replaced with low cost. As each stagelet with its separate booster is recoverable, they can quickly be inspected for structural issues, then inserted into another relaunch arrangement, fueled, and blasted up. Clearly, neither of us are engineers, so neither of us can comment on the actual feasibility of implementing a second stage of stagelets for an even heavier payload. This is just another far-fetched idea (or is it?) that may or may not be adopted for spacetravel.A
